### -- Dawid Perkowski

### --File: .NET #3

1.  The book states, “Interactions with an MVC application follow a natural cycle of user actions and view updates, where the view is assumed to be stateless.” What does it mean for the view to be stateless?

   - It takes the input and changes it to commands for the model or view.
2. The book identifies two kinds of models. Briefly desdribe each of them.
- HomeController.cs is the default controller class that is uses in MVVC application.
3. . Give an example of separation of concerns from your own life experience. This should be a simple, everyday example.

   -    ASP.NET Routing is enabled in your application's Web configuration file (Web.config file). 
   -   system.web.httpModules section, the system.web.httpHandlers section, the system.webserver.modules section, and the system.webserver.handlers section.
4. What is a view engine?

   - Razor is a syntax for getting server based code into webpages such as C# or HTML
   - When an `@` symbol is followed by a Razor reserved keyword, it transitions into Razor-specific markup. Otherwise, it transitions into plain C#.
5. The book notes that the three-tier structure, or n-tier model, is “the most widely used pattern for business applications.” Why do you think that this is true? An answer like, “Because it works well,” is not a sufficient answer to this question.

   - View handles the app's data presentation and user interaction. 
   - The default behavior of the View  method (return View();) is to return a view with the same name as the action method from which it's called.
6. This question requires some outside research. When we study UWP, you will see that the UWP design pattern is the Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM). What is the difference between MVC and MVVM that makes the first good for ASP.NET MVC and the second good for UWP?

   - ITs to separate your views from your model and controller. It allows the two to be separate so they don't affect each other. Usually its used for GUUI stuff.
7. . Describe the two parts of the dependency injection (DI) design pattern.

   -  A strongly typed view is intended to render a specific model type, and if I specify the type I want to work with (the GuestResponse class in the PartyInvites.Models namespace in this case), MVC can create some helpful shortcuts to make it easier.
   -  By specifying the type of data, you get access to IntelliSense for the model class
8.   Give an example of loose coupling from your own life experience. This should be a simple, everyday example.

   - So you have somewhere consistent to go and you know the url instead of it changing.
9. What are the two types of testing discussed in the book?

   -  Post is a more secure way to transfer data from client to server because it carries request parameter in message body instead of the url string.
10. What are the seven steps of the test driven development (TDD) workflow, as stated in the book?
    - Client side Validation allows validation on the client side or personal computer, it is less secure and can be changed by the user, but it is also faster.
    - Server side Validation validates the input submitted on a server. It is more secure but it is much slower then client side because it has to travel their and back.
