### -- Dawid Perkowski

### --File: .NET #1

1. What year was ASP.NET introduced?

   - 2002
2. Briefly describe ASP.NET Web Forms.
- A set of UI components (pages, buttons, etc.) plus a stateful, object-oriented GUI programming model
3. Briefly describe ASP.NET.

   -   A way to host .NET applications in IIS (Microsoft's web server product), letting you interact with HTTP requests and responses .
4. Briefly describe .NET.

   - A Multilanguage managed code platform
5. What is Representational State Transfer (REST)? This will take some independent research.

   - REST is an architectural style for providing standards between computer systems on the web, making it easier for systems to communicate with each other. 
6. What is Agile Development? This will take some independent research.

   - Refers to a group of software development methodologies based on iterative development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing cross-functional teams.
7. What is unit testing?

   -  Its when you check if your code is working by creating and running unit tests , you break down the functionality of your program into discrete testable behaviors that can be tested.
8.   What year was ASP.NET MVC introduced?

   - March 31, 2009
9. Describe URL routing. As part of your answer, discuss the concept of “clean URLs.”

   -  Choosing how and who is routing through your URL using clean url it make sure its mapped to a physical location and the url looks readable
10. What is the relationship between Microsoft’s .NET platform and ASP.NET MVC?
    - .NET is a library of code that other .NET languages can use, C# is all the same C# is C#,they all compile to CIL which makes it easier for communications between them
11.  Chapter 1 does not discuss the MVC pattern specifically, and in a sense this entire course is an extended examination of the MVC pattern. Using an independent resource (such as Wikipedia) briefly state the responsibility of (a) the model, (b) the controller, and (c) the view.
    - A model : his is a POCO that simply contains all the data necessary to display the View. The data is usually populated by the Controller.
    - A Controller: act as a mediator between view and model. it is responsible to control the data transmission between the model and the view. It maps the user action into model updates.The controller layer is helpful to select the most appropriate view and delivers it to the user.
    - A view provides the user interface (UI) for the model. The main work (function) of the view represents the information in user understandable format. It uses UI Components such as HTML,CSS,Jquery etc.

